Do you remember the filmy of Arabesque?
Oh God, yeah.
Peter was living in Newbridge and his mum was alive and she'd come up here and she'd
be eating Nutella.
Where's her mum gone?
Three days she was out here.
Oh, she's up in Crumlin watching.
All the time, she'd drive up to Crumlin.
Well, I was happy enough because I was leaning on a car and talking to my friend up the other
side.
No, have you been that close to Sophie in the way?
I was just leaning on this car when we came in and then she got out.
Did she say get off my car?
No, she said get off my car.
It must have been very exciting though, was everybody very excited?
It was actually, yeah.
Well, yeah, because we all went to see the film, didn't we?